Saturday night has arrived, and Saturday night belongs to Snick.
Stay tuned.
From Hollywood Pictures.
He must be the great Koopa.
He controlled half the universe.
Guy in charge.
But he wanted more.
Get me the rock!
Come and get it, Lizard Breath.
Now, two plumbers from Brooklyn.
Mothers.
Must find the power to stop him.
I'll kill that plumber!
Super Mario Brothers, rated PG, parental guidance suggested.
In case you've forgotten how big America's drug problem is,
here's a little reminder.
The following contains subtitles for our non-funk speaking audience.
Yo, what up, dawg?
I'm gonna drop some knowledge about my boy's toe jam.
And who?
Earl.
The game's beat fresh.
Bam!
All that, boy.
Yo, peep out my man, DJ, as he flex.
There you go, Quentin.
Naysay, Earl. Check it out.
Perhaps in a hood.
In other words, I highly recommend it.
Toe Jam and Earl panic on Funkatron Game
and Sega Genesis each sold separately.
These pebbles has a flavor that's new.
Gotta get friends.
Pebbles with new berry blues.
The blues, dude.
I can't sing the blues without something berry blue to sing about.
Try my fruity paddles.
Mmm, orange grape cherry lemon lime and new berry blues.
Fruity of flavors, too.
Hey, let me play.
Barney, my pebble.
Your blue and puffs fruity pebble cereal with berry blue
part of this complete breakfast.
If kids like me took over the world, there wouldn't be any school.
Better yet, we'll keep school, but it won't really be like school.
Our favorite classes will be gym, recess, and marine biology.
Or we'll learn how to save the whales.
As long as we're changing the world, let's change the name to
Mic World, because McDonald's will be the official food.
We'll take all-day field trips to Mickey D's, which random
crutchmer will never go on, as he'll be in permanent detention.
He picked on me in social studies.
And, you know, let's get a cool gym teacher for once.
Anybody feel a game of horse?
Hey, then it could happen.
But usually, you have enough morning to prepare for them.
Take locusts.
They're only supposed to swoop down once every seven years
after they send everything in sight.
But seven years is plenty of time to prepare munchies
for a billion flying insects.
Then there are volcanoes.
They have a lag time of hundreds of years, plus a built-in
morning device.
You know that once you're about to erupt nearby,
your neighborhood starts to look like one giant smoking section.
But the best kind of natural disaster is the kind you can
avoid completely, like tsunamis.
Tsunamis are huge, hundreds of tidal waves that crash
into the ocean.
It's not a problem if you live in, say, Kansas,
which is more than four weeks from the nearest beach.
It's one disaster that's much worse than any tsunami,
fiery volcano, or swarm of locusts.
It strikes with that warning.
It creeps into your bedroom and buries your hair
while you sleep.
It turns you into a giant spitball with slimy, wet kisses
from hell.
It's French for something it's too light to do anything about,
like Ferguson.
Did anybody ask me if I wanted an alien life form
for a sibling?
My parents forgot to ask me if I'm minded having
amaphal to swoop down from the Great White North
to babysit while they're away for a whole week.
Great way to turn my slumber party into a total snooze.
Let's see if we can stop this thing before it gets the comp play.
And is it too late to order the vegetarian meal?
Oh, good. Thank you. Bye.
Oh.
Okay, Mom, if you tell Amaphal the nut to come,
I swear I'll never have my nose pierced.
My teeth will never touch refined sugar,
and as an extra bonus, I'll never get a tattoo
that you can see.
Clarissa?
Can't we make some kind of deal?
Clarissa, Mophalda is really looking forward to coming.
Mom, I just want to thank you for having me.
I'll stay with us.
I can't wait till she gets here.
Thanks for the help, dog breath.
Mom, did you forget the next Saturday is my slumber party?
Of course not.
Oh, if you need anything special, you just let Mophalda know, huh?
What if I need to have Mophalda to just go away?
She'll wreck my slumber party.
Clarissa, when we were younger, Mophalda
was the head of every slumber party.
Her taffy pull is the best.
Taffy pull?
What's a taffy pull?
Help, Dad.
Oh, I can't sport.
I was never at a slumber party with your Aunt Mophalda.
I hope I'll be able to say the same thing someday.
Oh, I for one love, Taffy.
I can't wait to pull some.
Hey, Dad, how do you pull Taffy anyway?
Guys, try to cooperate.
This trip to New York is very important to us.
And you know, your father has Abadaba.
Abadaba?
Abadaba is the American board of
architect's designers and bathroom analyst, P-Brain.
I'm presenting my bathroom.
Dad, I've shared our bathroom.
You may want to rethink this.
No, no, not our bathroom.
The bathroom I designed.
It's Abadaba's annual convention,
and, uh, I'm up for an award.
Pretty impressive, huh?
Now, see, you come in right here.
You get washed here, rinsed here.
It's automated, like a car wash.
Oh, Marshal, I can't wait to try some of these vegetarian
restaurants in New York.
I'm risk getting mugged by your waiter.
You don't want to go to New York.
Mom, Dad, I think New York is a great place.
You can buy anything there.
Now, I wouldn't want you to waste valuable time
choosing the perfect souvenir for me.
Well, what did you have in mind, Ferguson?
The BH 4V Spectral Analyzer.
Oh, it's pretty fancy equipment.
What do you want it for, Ferguson?
The pursuit of scientific knowledge.
With it, I'll be able to figure out
the chemical components of everything in the world.
Can we finally find out what weird mutant compounds
you're made of?
Just wait till I figure out the chemical components
of Twinkie Cream, Tastitos,
and all the junk food known to man.
I'll make them mine.
I'll get rich, and you'll get nothing.
Mom, don't you think it's time
we took care of ourselves?
Marissa, this is how it is, huh?
Sport, we all do things we don't want to do.
Now, you've got to deal with Aunt Mafalda.
I have to get on an airplane.
You know, what if the pilot's having a bad day?
What if the airline's having a bad year?
What if that flotation cushion's just a sofa pillow?
Hey, Dad, are you okay?
Because I can get on the plane for you.
Clarissa, maybe in another year
you'll be left in charge, huh?
Clarissa, where are you?
In here.
What are you doing in there?
This is the outfit Aunt Mafalda sent me for my birthday.
Wow, like, where's the herd of goats in your walking stick?
Mom says I have to wear it to meet Aunt Mafalda,
or I'll hurt her feelings.
Ferguson's supposed to be wearing his matching later, Hosan.
Now, that's stored.
My advice to you, stay in the closet till she's gone.
She'll get in.
Aunt Mafalda can get in anything.
And she'll be here on Saturday night.
So?
My slugger party.
She'll turn into a nightmare on Shadow Lane
with her snuggly-wuggly bear hugs
and the traumatic stories about my preschool traumas.
And I hear she does a mean taffy pull.
What's a taffy pull?
I don't even know, and I don't want to find out.
Feel the calm.
Be the calm.
Repeat after me.
Jana, this isn't working.
Try harder to feel the calm, dear.
No, no, no.
Feel the calm better when I can feel it around.
I hate flying.
Hold the white light to enter your navel.
And now, breathe in.
Marshal, the tape's stuck.
Breathe out.
That's great.
My cum fly with me cassette even grabbed.
Marshal, rely on me.
You should think that if a tape recorder can't work,
that a massive tube of metal is gonna stay in the sky, huh?
Dad, can you please sign this?
What am I signing?
A consent slot.
Consent for what?
Oh, it's just one of those field trips.
Just sign here.
Biosphere unlimited.
What's biosphere unlimited?
We hereby grant our daughter Clarissa Darling
permission to live in an ecologically self-sufficient cave
.
350 feet below the surface of the earth
until we return from New York.
350 feet underground?
I don't think so, Clarissa.
You know, I don't know what's scarier.
Being stuck in a cave or up in the air.
If this was a perfect world,
everything would be at sea level.
Gosh, I wouldn't want to fly these days.
Really? Why not?
Oh, nothing.
Except those DC-10s.
They're so old, it's a miracle they stay together.
It must be without a clue, Clarissa.
Hey, I want to know. Go on.
And the air traffic controllers talk about pressure.
Do you realize you're just a little blip on the radar?
Each blip represents 387 innocent lives.
Oh.
A blip?
Oh, I'm a blip.
Hey, hey.
Maybe we could fax them, my bathroom design, huh?
Marshall, just let the light enter your name.
Breathe in.
Breathe out.
Okay, I've decided to cut my losses.
There, Mephalda proved.
One more thing, Clarissa.
Aunt Mephalda has a tendency towards dry skin,
so remind her to keep the humidifier going
and keep an eye on her electric toothbrush.
She always forgets to put it back in the recharger.
Oh, and remind her that the thermostat is 10 degrees off.
Mom, am I taking care of Aunt Mephalda
or is Aunt Mephalda taking care of me?
Well, that's the white light into my navel,
but the white light into my navel.
Clarissa, you're not winding up, but Mephalda gave you.
I'm saving it for the school production of Heidi.
Here, Mom, I think this will come in handy.
A subway map. How thoughtful of you, Ferguson.
Look, he highlighted all the places you can buy a spectral analyzer.
How considerate.
Mom, I feel the spectral analyzer will give me a critical edge
in these scientifically challenging times.
You mean a financial edge,
and I wouldn't call cloning junk food a scientific challenge.
Janet, did I pack my shaving stuff?
I've got the funniest feeling.
It's called anxiety. You'll be fine, Marshall.
I'm okay. I'm okay.
Oh, oh, I've been standing out there for five minutes.
Why, this is adorable work.
And how are my two favorite caudoodles?
My later hoson.
Look how grown-up my delicious little maple leaves are.
Oh, let me have those adorable cheeks.
Come here, come here.
Oh, you know, I'm just crazy about my two little love bunnies.
Love bunnies.
Oh, the cab.
All right, we haven't forgotten anything.
All right.
I'll come, take me with you.
I'll carry all your things.
We'll have plenty of fun here.
Now, go on, you two, get out of here.
New York, New York.
Bye.
All right.
So, my little sweet peas,
we're going to have fun, fun, fun.
More Clarissa.
More SNCC after this.
Jonathan, Edward Moore.
Pipe down, or you'll be sent to your room.
Excellent.
Hey, it could happen.
Yo!
Oh, you hit me?
No, I didn't hit you.
Yo!
Are you hip to these?
Are you in the zone?
Who needs a plate?
Because they made it to your face.
They make a yum.
Show them how it's done.
Where's it going to stop?
Try one for size.
Open wide.
Don't play with your ego.
Take your minis.
Part of this complete breakfast that's made you fit.
Keep your mouth.
Has Saturday night lost its magic?
Boy, you girls are cute.
And I don't eat meat, because I'm a veterinarian.
Oh boy.
Hello.
You know what I'm talking about.
Not a clue.
You know, you just might want to stay home
with HBO Saturday Nights.
A never-before-seen on HBO movie
every Saturday night.
Every two Saturday nights a year.
Guaranteed.
So what are you going to do this Saturday night?
I don't get it.
No kidding.
HBO Saturday Nights.
What do you need?
Oh, what?
When do we want it?
No!
New York City issues.
The players and the process.
New York One takes you inside City Hall
with the questions you want answered
from the politicians you elected.
I'm willing to have a government
of Republicans and Democrats,
not just Republicans, liberals, conservatives,
anybody else who has good ideas for the city.
Only on New York City.
Only on New York One, Monday through Friday nights
at 6.30 and 9.30.
Find out what's going on inside City Hall
because when it comes to politics
there's only one New York.
This month on Pay Per View,
the comedy hit from the creator of Home Alone,
Dennis the Menace.
Stay cool.
Your kid is driving me nuts.
Mr. Wilson!
Stay calm.
Somebody run your house!
And stay for the laughs.
Smile.
He's armed and dangerous.
Academy Award winner,
Walter Matthau. Christopher Lloyd.
Dennis the Menace.
Watching.
And now, back to Clarissa, explains it all.
There, that's your key for out.
Let's take a look at some of the stunning
events from LaFalda's House of Horrors.
At 0600 hours,
LaFalda began our work out.
That's how he's keeping shape with the ladies
watching Ottawa.
You know how you freak out at school
when you're hearing PA? Come on, and it's
your name. Larissa Darling,
please report to the principal's office.
Your aunt is here.
And you're chilling to go out
without a sweater, sweetie.
And I baked goodies for your whole class.
And then she insisted on fixing
my leggings.
Larissa, look.
I added...
What's this?
One thing's for sure. I'm not going to let her
wreck my slumber party.
I'm not even going to tell her about my slumber party.
Clarissa!
Oh, oh dear.
I just thought I could use a little rearranging.
Well, how about
a yummy cup of cocoa?
No thanks.
Let's do something together. Just the two of us.
And the father. We've been doing stuff together
since you got here. We haven't tie-died
a t-shirt. Tie-dying?
Isn't that an ancient ritual
that went out with Sonny and Cher?
Anyway, I have a really big
algebra assignment to do tomorrow.
Oh, algebra, my favorite!
Oh, no, I'll get it.
I'm always intrigued by a mystery.
I just love figuring out what
X is.
Hello.
No, this is Clarissa's
secretary.
May I ask
what this is in reference to?
A movie marathon
a slumber party?
Oh, I love slumber parties!
What is your name, dear?
It's Hillary.
I just can't wait to meet you, dear.
Just a second.
Oh, here.
I'll go get started on the decorations.
We'll bob for apples.
We'll pin the tail on the donkey.
Oh! The tassie pole!
Why didn't you tell me you were having
a slumber party?
Hillary?
You've just said something
I'm going to regret for the rest
of my life.
Okay, so she found out.
That doesn't mean I'm going to shrivel up and die of embarrassment.
All I had to do was cancel the slumber party.
Or at least I'll tell the fowl
that I canceled it until I can figure out some way
to have the party without her.
Hey, Sam.
There you are.
Bad news.
My house for the party?
My dad got to it.
That's okay. My fowl that found out about the party.
Okay, then I'll bring what's left of your supplies
back before my dad scarfs down all of it.
No, you better hang on to the junk food stash.
I've got a plan.
My fowl is about to be informed if the party's off.
So it's off?
No, the party's on. My aunt's off.
So it's on?
But the fowl that has to think it's off.
Okay, I've got it. The party's on.
Right, it's on.
You can forget about it and you can have the party without her.
Exactly.
One question. How are you going to get her out of the house?
That's the second part of my plan.
Which is?
The part I haven't figured out yet.
Larissa.
Oh, it's the little lady killer.
Hi, Sam.
So cute.
How's about me making some of that
small curd cheese you like so well?
No, thanks, Sam, with all the...
Tell you what, I'll make a whole batch
number party. Sorry, Sam.
No boys allowed.
Okay, back to the kitchen.
She's like crazy glue. She bonds
instantly, permanently, and before you know it,
you're stuck for life.
Yeah, my dad's like that sometimes.
Especially after football season ends.
Wait a second.
Why don't I like that look?
Sam, what's your dad doing tomorrow night?
He's taking me to a hockey game.
This is perfect. My aunt loves hockey.
What, and my dad?
No way.
It's my only hope, and it's so easy.
All you have to do is cancel the last minute
and tell your dad my aunt would love to go.
What if my dad ends up really liking her?
Sam, it's my only shot.
Hey, look who I found outside
trying to ring the doorbell.
Oh, hi, Hillary.
Hi, guys.
Hillary and I had a lovely chat while I braided her hair.
Oh, now you guys go on and have fun.
See what I mean?
I mean, we're near your slumber party.
I'll talk to my dad.
Hillary, have you heard
of the Bahamian flu?
No. Okay, here's the plan.
I'm having more fun
than a goose in a granary.
I bet you're glad you changed
your mind about tie-dying, eh?
Yeah, it's pretty cool.
It's fun to ruin your clothes on purpose.
And these make great gifts.
We once had a tie-dye raffle
at the ladies' mousse lodge
for $100.
Sam would love this.
I promised him I'd tie-dye one of his hockey shirts.
Would Sam play hockey?
No, but Arnold Sam's dad
is a sports writer and hockey's his favorite sport.
Oh, you know, hockey's my favorite sport, too.
No.
Really?
Your uncle Owen, rest his soul,
was at his best playing hockey.
He had the smile to prove it.
Arnold Sam's dad has a great smile.
Some people say he's a dead winger
for Kevin Costner.
Really? Oh, I never understood
what people see in Kevin Costner.
Did I say Kevin Costner?
I meant Mel Gibson.
Mel who?
Oh, I never cared for that pretty boy.
Actually, Arnold's always getting mistaken
for Merv Griffin.
Merv Griffin.
Oh, gosh, I miss this show.
Arnold and Merv could practically be twins.
Arnold's divorced, by the way.
Really? What are you getting at, dear?
Oh, it just so happens that Arnold has
an extra ticket to tomorrow night's hockey game.
But Clarissa, tomorrow night is our slumber party.
Not anymore. I had to cancel it.
Well, you did? Why?
Hillary's not feeling well.
She suddenly came down with the Bahamian flu.
I just didn't feel right about having the party without her.
Oh, you must be...
How do you say bummed, eh?
You were looking forward to this sleepover.
Oh, it's just another slumber party.
So should I call Sam about those extra tickets?
Well, are you sure you don't want to go?
Me? No.
I don't know the difference between a penalty box
and a puck.
Well, you insist.
Oh, a hockey game does sound like fun.
Oh, why not?
I haven't been out in a while.
Oh, I forgot.
I told Fergie I tie-dye his tie.
I'll be right back.
Hillary?
It's me.
We're definitely back on.
Now he's gonna open the door.
How stupid can he be?
It wouldn't be a horror movie
if he didn't open the door.
There he goes.
I love the happy ending.
Seeing her rip his heart out
was so romantic.
So what's next?
Another nacho con salsa break?
Or I drink your blood.
I drink your blood, too.
Dance is with werewolves.
We've watched three horror movies already.
And nothing has scared us.
I guess we're unscarrable.
Whoa!
And the fowl's up!
Jordan! Jordan!
I locked myself out.
I saw the ladder outside
and figured I'd make like a billy goat
and scoot on up.
Did you have a good time at the hockey game?
It was awesome, eh?
The Blackhawks had a great fight
in a second period.
Hey, sounds cool.
Oh!
Chilling with a chainsaw
for is the best of the sequels,
if you ask me.
The creepier, the better.
You girls are having quite a party.
I'm Clarissa's aunt, my father.
Hi.
Oh, I love your shoes.
Hillary, it's nice to see you.
Hillary's feeling much better, right, Hill?
Uh-huh.
Well, you girls
have a great time.
This Canadian goose
is turning down her feathers for the night.
Bye.
They're actually not so bad.
Yeah, I think she's kind of neat.
I can't believe she didn't try to braid our hair.
I better go make sure she's okay.
Anne, what clouds can I come in?
Oh, why aren't you at the party with your friends?
Look, I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to not tell you about the party.
It's just...
Well, you know, I wanted it to be a girl party.
I mean, just for us girls.
It's just that you're so much older.
I mean, not that you're old,
but we're so much younger and...
I don't know.
Well, I'm just sorry that...
I'm just sorry.
You know,
I did something like this once.
You did?
I pretended all my dolls were kidnapped
and then secretly moved them out to the barn
and had a tea party.
Well, what happened?
We ate my very best doll.
Really?
Who are you hiding from?
Your mother.
Promise you won't tell.
Promise.
Amaphal, are you sure you don't want to join us?
Don't be silly.
Look, I'm sorry.
All the girls really think you're cool.
You're just being nice.
No, really.
Everyone really likes you.
Really?
It could be interesting,
but Amaphal, just tell me one thing.
What is a taffy pole?
Yeah.
Okay.
Oh, welcome home.
I have a great time.
Good.
Oh, look.
Look at the wings the pilot gave me.
On top of this ad-a-dada design
winning first prize.
Oh, please, please.
Yes, from now on,
it's Mr. Bathroom.
How is your slumber party, Clarissa?
Great.
Amaphal, this taffy pole was a big hit.
Really?
Oh, gee, Mom and Dad,
you didn't have to find your gift.
Well, Ferguson, we tried,
but I know it's not exactly a spectral analyzer.
A magnifying glass?
Well, we had to get you something
we could fit through the front door.
I guess I can use it
to absorb germs.
Back off, Microhead.
Hi, everyone.
Hi, Samuel.
Amaphal to my dad's ready.
Mafalda? Do you know Sam's father?
Well, Arnold offered to drive me
to the airport.
Funny, he doesn't look a thing
like Merv Griffin.
You're right, Amaphalda.
I don't know what I was thinking.
Wow, sounds like a lot went on
since we were here.
We'll have to go away more often, Marsha.
Really? I think more than enough
has gone on already.
Well, we have to go.
Oh, we marshmallow lurking inside.
Unable to resist.
The creature sinks its teeth in within seconds.
Steve is his former self.
Hey, little buddy.
You have to be so dramatic about everything.
It's the monster snack.
It's pink. It's white.
It's cool.
And the color stays till you change it back.
They're micromachines that change color
in warm and cold water.
Yet four free and specially marked
micromachines vehicle collections.
There's only one way to make the coolest games
even cooler.
Game Genie, get this.
Game Genie's got the secret codes for Mortal Kombat.
And if you think Mortal Kombat is awesome now,
where do you play it with Game Genie?
Game Genie eats sold separately
for most video game systems.
Snack wells.
Cookie man, are you sure you made enough
of these snack wells, cream sandwich cookies?
Yes. Why?
Because I swear I'm being followed.
Are there three women?
Yeah. Why?
I know these women. They'll do anything to get a snack wells.
Whatever you do, don't stop.
Just keep going. Do you hear me? Hello?
What a delicious way to cut the fat.
Snack wells, cream sandwich cookies.
So good. Can we ever make enough?
Cook in my hand. You better make some more.
Let's go.
With full confidence,
I submit to you the portable economic package.
Send it off. This will cost only $10.99.
$10.99.
Man's an idiot.
Get off again.
Tonight
it's Very, Very Jerry Yes, Jerry Van Dyke
in four guest stars appearances.
It's Jerry.
Jerry.
That's this week's Very, Very, Nick at Night.
And it all starts tonight at 10, 9, Central.
Join us if you can. Thank you.
Nickelodeon! Nickelodeon!
Become a human being, it's sexless to begin with.
Arnie still is.
That's the firm that fertilizes the egg, carries the Y chromosome, the child will be a boy.
The X chromosome will make it a girl.
We take you now inside Fallopian Hall, where the X chromosomes have gathered for their annual convention.
Please give a big X chromosome welcome to that great leader and that inspiring speaker Malcolm X.
Independence from men by any gene necessary.
Now the wise man would tell you that he's stronger.
The wise man would tell you that he's smarter.
The wise man would tell you that he's just playing better.
And you believe he's not your girl.
You believe because he says it's true.
Well let me tell you something people.
You've been had.
What a boozle.
The sperm field landed on us.
X chromosome, exactly reproduction.
We need the main difference between men and women.
If you don't know by now, I'm not going to tell you.
Yes, Mark.
Well it's obvious, men are superior.
Superior in what way?
Well for one thing, we're stronger.
Says who? You want to arm wrestle?
Come on, come on, come on.
Great the way you showed that creep, Mark.
Oh well I don't think he's such a creep.
Actually, I kind of like him.
Then why did you arm wrestle him?
It was just a way of getting to hold his hand.
Well anyway, thanks for sticking up for a X chromosome.
Well why do guys have to act so superior?
Don't you wish you could hear one of them say something nice for a change?
Now you can by calling 5-5-5-5-Wick.
How could a girl as intelligent as you be so sexy?
Uh, hello?
You've lost weight, haven't you?
Actually, yeah I have.
I'd really like to rub your feet.
Wow, this is great.
Do all your homework. Clean up your room.
You even put the seat down?
Only after I warm it up for you.
That's 5-5-5-Wick.
The number that lets you reach out and touch a real nice sky.
Coming soon.
A troubled street kid befriends a captive killer whale
and in his courageous effort to free him
gets stranded on a desert island.
With nothing to eat and near death
the boy is faced with the most gut-branching decision of his life in
Fry Willy.
That roush of USA Today says
Fry Willy was a whale of a movie.
I can't believe he ate the blow hole thing.
Roger Evers says
I laughed, I tried.
What's the recipe?
Fry Willy.
Coming soon to a theater near you.
This is some killer whale.
Honey, you're 11 minutes late.
How much longer am I going to have to wait for my dinner?
Oh, not long, sweetie.
Just until about half past heck freezing over,
you, you, man.
Aw, you're upset, aren't you?
And they say we guys aren't sensitive.
Well, I deserve the Barnswell account,
but they gave it to a man.
Even though I've been there longer
and I can work circles around him.
The Barnswell account?
Say, Jeff, what is it you do anyway?
Oh, come on.
What if Ward Cleaver do?
People in television always have vague jobs,
but they always want the Barnswell account.
Oh, this makes me so angry.
Well, you know what? This makes me angry, too.
It does?
Man, now my dinner's going to be 17 minutes late.
Wow.
Hi, I'm women's rights activist, Gloria Wyman,
and I've had the same type of hairstyle since 1972.
If your man treats you like a heap of compost,
try the refreshing beverage for 30 feminists.
Equality.
Equality based on a blend of natural herbs and spices,
plus real testosterone extracted from a bite
that's of Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Mmm, I never knew Schwarzenegger could taste this good.
Just one glass of equality, and you'll grow strength.
You'll grow confidence.
You'll grow justice.
Hey, why don't you say we get lost
and not have for directions, huh?
And try new equality, decaffeinated.
All the fuzz without the buzz.
Oh, honey, if you let them, they'll walk all over you.
I just wish one would walk alongside me.
I just wish I didn't have to walk ten paces behind them.
Oh.
Yeah, for you, yeah.
And the big orange couch will sneak again after this.
Oh, here, did you get my drift?
Because here's what Angle Minis were made to fit.
See?
That's what your mouth is for.
It's an Angle Minidor.
That's what they're about.
Angle Minis to walk close to side of your mouth.
That's why you can get them on down.
Here, one at a time or more if you can.
In your mouth.
That's the plan.
That's where they fit.
That's what they're about.
Angle Minis to walk close to side of your mouth.
Angle Minis, part of this complete breakfast.
That's major fits.
In your mouth.
Has Saturday Night lost its magic?
Boy, you girls sure are cute.
And I don't eat meat because I'm a veterinarian.
Oh boy.
Hello.
You know what I'm talking about.
Not a clue.
Honey, you look fine.
Our new set of snow tires.
You know, you just might want to stay home with HBO Saturday
nights.
A never-before-seen on HBO movie, every Saturday night,
52 Saturday nights a year.
Guaranteed.
So what are you going to do this Saturday night?
I don't get it.
No kidding.
HBO Saturday Nights.
I predict that tomorrow I'll be raining over the grave
of another dead president.
That's not going to happen.
Also starring Julia Roberts and Denzel Washington
as a solar eclipse.
And Roseanne Arnold as a weather balloon.
Weather Channel, the movie.
Now showing in scattered theaters throughout the country.
Excuse me, but I would like to have a word with you.
Oh, come on.
McKinney Beach Barbecue and Women Behind Bars.
You know, if men didn't watch these trashy shows,
they would take them off the air.
Thank God for men, huh?
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!
I think you should know, I have joined a crusade
to tell the world that as a woman, I am as able
as any man, and I demand equal rights.
All right.
Who gave you the copy of Cosmo?
Never mind who.
Listen, honey, at least don't call me honey.
I am not your honey.
I am not for anything.
I am a, a, a, a, a.
Don't say it! Please don't!
A feminist!
Oh!
Suffering, suffering, she slipped into that horrible
hell and ruddy thing.
I think we should call manhors, personhors, uh?
And why are there men used, but not women used?
If they could put a man on the moon,
then why can't they put all of them there?
Dad, you're a man and, hey, keep it down,
keep it down away.
Your mother's been acting lately.
It's not something I want to advertise.
Well, I was just hoping that you could help me
to better understand and appreciate women.
Well, Shun, I could give you a,
You know a magazine that would be great
I'm way ahead of your kid cuz I got to your very own subscription
Yeah, the city the magazine for the sensitive male each issue of city is chopped full of enlightening articles like it's okay to cry
My first French quiche and up with people down with the toilet seat. Well, does it at least have pictures?
Yeah, this month Hillary Clinton appears in a left of centerfold. Oh, hey, what's this?
Oh, no, it looks like a cologne sample any intro into this next sketch. Hi. I'm Michael Bolton
And no matter what anyone says
I'm very talented these days
Sensitive males are in and that's why I'm proud to present the cologne that captures the essence of manhood in the 90s
What what is made from the delicate low-lying balloons that are usually trodden upon just like today's males?
And what is gentle formula is perfect for the sensitive man with sensitive skin?
Nice perfume, so it's so posse
So get with today and release the cuddly stuffed animal in you. Yeah, honey. You're not still having that little problem. Are you?
Eat it and like it wait a minute. This is Thursday night. We always have rough rolls on Thursday nights, honey
You have to become a feminist, huh?
She left me a frozen dinner for poop sake not just any frozen dinner
It's the latest an angry feminist fixin stay hungry man dinners from turds. I here
Try these children. It's pigmen a blanket. How about women is throwing you a little equal rights to Rony?
Maybe some mr. Paul can get his own dang fish stick, huh?
Or for dessert melon ball
Stay hungry man dinners when a man's place is in the kitchen
Friday night, we still need chaperones there must be parents who haven't spoken to last year chaperones
That would still be willing to volunteer
This candy is too messy is melting all over me
It's obviously the product of a traditional male-dominated society that for centuries have failed to take into account
His opinion of females are making complexionary decisions. Yeah, and I bet it was made by a man, too
You need new feminists. They don't melt in your hands. They don't melt in your mouth
They don't melt anywhere. In fact, they don't even digest
They just make you angry and that's what you need to survive in a man's world
Yeah, so try new feminists. They give you the grime, but they won't hurt you
Get a day for the dance yet. I don't care about going to any stupid dance
I bet you wouldn't think it was a stupid if mark asked you. Don't look now, but here he comes
Hey Sam look at something up at me to ask you, but it's kind of hard for me to say
Don't be afraid. Go ahead and ask me. Okay
There's this guy in gym and he's been picking on me. I wonder if you want to kick his butt. Oh
It's that way too fresh feeling. Oh sure, honey men are rude, great and totally insensitive
But now there's massive guilt feminists deodorant sprays
They pack thousands of years of female oppression into a four ounce can and give it a fresh pine scent
Just one quiff of massive guilt will have you been the most sexist pig squealing with delight
Sensitive, you know just because I'm a man doesn't mean I don't have a nurturing side
Really sorry if I hurt your feelings, honey
He's so well-behaved and smells great, too
If you've got a feminist problem make him pay with massive guilt spray
He presents curtain rod steward unplugged and hanging in the window
Have a whole lame drawer
She keeps going and going and going together with the whole grain goodness of Cheerios
It's why every of tastes as good as it sounds
Cheerios
When your dentist cleans your teeth he uses special instruments that get between them
But what toothbrush would your dentist prefer to use?
Well in a recent nationwide test Dennis tried a leading flat brush and crest complete the brush more dentist preferred was crest complete
See flat brushes aren't shaped like teeth, but because crest complete is it reaches far between teeth
Now shouldn't you choose crest complete? Of course you should and it's now available in designer black
We now return to roundhouse and snick only on nick
Maybe because I was recently dumped
When my husband started running around with a young no talent nobody you can imagine how upset I was
That's why I developed Burt Reynolds Wrath
Only Burt Reynolds Wrath keeps your husband fresh
So when he's through day in the past you can either
Saw him out and keep him or throw him away
Uh-oh looks like this one's got freezer burns because he's only young once, but he's old for a long long time
Burt Reynolds sure had the right idea
Uh, but you're still my little woman
Uh-oh, do you say things you later regret? I hate you. I hate you. I hate you
Do you insult those you love honey? Do you like the new sweater I bought you? It bites mom
Who knows you hardly know and you bite too
That's politically correct all
Politically correct all relieves gently and easily so next time you want to say the right thing do it the safe way
The reliable way the way everyone else agrees is the best way for a disadvantaged mentally challenged parental guardian
Your fashion skills are mildly unpleasant. You mean it
Available in appropriate stores everywhere also comes in sugar-free for the anatomically engorged for the what?
fat people
The next time you've got a bug up your butt try crack flag
Why can't the post office send females and mailmen should be called person-person
First guess it should be addressed as goddess warrior based good distributor
steel going
The wife and kids are out. You're finally alone. You crave whatever red blooded american male leads
That's right. It's the new frozen fruit for the lonely guy new bean cuisine entrees by loafer
East bean cuisine entrees contains nothing but beans beans and you guess it's more manly beans
It's a bearable festive lull of beanitude and east bean cuisine contains these handy plugs for your ears
violence is golden and your nose to protect the delicate nasal cilia
Hmm these beans are delicious
Say, uh, you don't have another plug for the old backburner. Do you sorry new bean cuisine entrees by loafer's for when you're alone
Be alone
Beads are good for your heart the more you eat the more you like them. Um, what's up? Nothing pumpkin. I just got crash
But I know what to do for them first. We need your father
My mom's dad's not very sensitive to problems like that. Exactly. Which is why we'll let him know how I feel with
crampons
The pill that gave his men cramps of their own and finally was women the sympathy and respect they deserve
Feeling too good. I've got female troubles again
Whatever as long as it doesn't interfere with your yardwork. Well here. Why don't you try these pills? I mean this, um, uh, candy
Candy who boy?
Man my teacher was raging mad today. She must have had pms. Hey candy
Who really glad you're here son? I've got that gassy bolded feeling again
I really need to share. I know what to mean first. I couldn't get my hair right and then I started crying for no reason
Could you just hold me?
Let's go mop the kitchen
Take them separate him crampon is available at the am pms mini mark open 24 hours a day close seven days a month
Would you like a slurpee with your box of pads?
You know, it's no use letting the cms go to waste
I'm gonna go to my boss and read him the riot act
Ask me to the dance. You have a date already. Why is it so hard to get a date with a nice guy?
These three guys went out with these two lovely ladies and now we're gonna talk to these guys
It's least likely to hold the door open for you. Well, actually
Oh
Then you got to show up in this pig there
Tim yeah, which one of these guys is most likely to check for cavities with his tongue
Oh, uh, definitely jay jay after he dropped me off
I had to be rushed to the hospital for an emergency consulate to me
Hey, shawna, which one of these guys is most likely to say i'm sick and can't go out on a date
And then go out the very same night with your best friend
Or jay jay or bill
All three of them
Congratulations guys. You're all losers. But then again, everybody's a loser on sky except for me. That is ladies
You're not gonna go home
Great. I got the barnclaw account
He said the reason he didn't give it to me before was that he didn't think that I was assertive enough and talking to him
Commenced him. You were yeah dad and shoving the stapler down his throat
But i'm afraid that's not gonna work on mark. He already thinks sometimes he's strong for him
Well, just because you're strong doesn't mean you can't be feminine
I guess but if mark doesn't like me for who I am the heck with it
Well, hey sam, uh, you know what my locker stuck again. Oh, okay
Wow, thanks sam
My name's samantha if you haven't noticed. Well, of course I noticed
Look, I only had to come to my locker as an excuse to talk to you. Really?
Samantha, what would you say if a guy like me asked you to the dance?
I'd say he just saved himself from getting a stapler ram down his throat. What?
I'd say yes
And do you smell what I smell? Is it old socks? Is it rotten milk?
Wait, I know that's the unmistakable odor of my lovable pal ren. That means ren and simpy is next
Oh, I sneak for joy
No need to browse you may now put the remote control down
Snicking requires no
It is driving me nuts
Stay calm and stay for the last while
He's armed and dangerous
Academy award winner wilder math out christopher. Lloyd denis the menace
Vinnie moto biker mice on battle bikes with the firepower to stop the evil brutarkians
Catch this carbuncle. It's every time step this way if sage is vermin. No way fish face
Grease panel grease them grease this
Whoa
Biker mice from mars bikes and figures eats old sephony new from galoo
If kids like me are running the world
I'd finally have my own room and no one but my friends would be allowed to come in because I'd have a special lock
Put on my gore. I'll have a super advanced chemistry set that I'll use to fix the ozone layer and cure that thing that happens to your head when you eat ice cream too fast
And when i'm having a big mac attack
I'll just go downstairs because i'm having a mickey d's built on the back of our house
Then me and my friends could act totally goofy whenever we want jonathan edward more pipe down or you'll be sent to your room
Excellent
Hey, it could happen
Oh
Hey ren it's a car
Smile ren smile
We'll get a ride today ren
Just you wait and see
While I'll wager the very next car will pick us up
Shut up. You've been saying that for three years for shut up
What were you just laughing at
Was you laughing at me and my friend here?
Uh
Maybe it's me
I'm a little funny in the head, but I think we amuse you
Is that it?
We are here for your amusement
Is that why you were laughing at us?
Oh, no, I wasn't laughing at you
Oh
You didn't laugh then
Well, I
Well, you see I find that very funny because I could have sworn I heard you laugh
Are we clowns to you? Is that it? Do we look like clowns?
Yes, we do don't we is it good to see you boys? We were starting to get lonesome
Allow me to introduce myself
I'm shlomo and he's momo
We make people laugh
Shake
Gosh, it's nice to make new friends
Say, how'd you like to smell this?
How corny the old squirt and flower trick
But as I am somewhat parched from my travails, what the hey
What are you trying to fool have a cigar, but we don't
Oh
Well, how did they look?
They're adorable your boat now part of the act come on sit up big
Ah go paddle your kippers elsewhere clown duty iron cross now do a
Now relax
Okay, come here. You think you can jump through this hoop hoop
Oh, no, nothing doing we got our bride
Oh, come on fellas
Take it a fame the fortune you'll be showbiz legends
You want to be showbiz legends, don't you?
Yes, I guess we do just think Ren fame and fortune away
We got to go water the flowers
Shut up move from this car
These clowns got screws loose. They're psychotic
We're gonna get out of here. They're gonna kill us and besides I gotta go water the flowers too
I know we'll ask the driver
Maybe he'll let us out
Excuse me, mr. Driver. Could you let us out?
Why have I got to go to the back?
Yeah, thanks
Our country
It's so nice to have an audience with which to share our hilarity
Right, it's the cops the girls no dead blessed cops are gonna ruin our good time
Okay, man, this is war
Yes, sir your shortness
ammo
We did last time and we nearly became circus stars
Suffered minor third-degree burns and survived the collision with the side of a mountain
And on top of that we get to keep these cool clown clothes
He lift do you hop in?
P.N. Snick will be back after these messages
The whole
Fine our new set of snow tires, you know, you just might want to stay home with hbo saturday nights
I've never before seen an hbo movie every saturday night 52 saturday nights a year guaranteed
So what are you gonna do this saturday night? I don't get it. No kidding hbo saturday nights
Great salads here, but try it with bagels
bagels
Better oh my my
Oh, oh, I am in love cholesterol free bagels makes every bite better
There's big news in biscuits presenting
Biscuits our biggest lightest biscuits ever made with real buttermilk for a delicious home style taste
Nothing says loving like my grand's biscuits
Hey america give that food a new attitude with natural cheese. Give it the flavor of a country fair
Give it the tang that brings your food some flair
Give american food a new attitude with cheese. Give it the kick of a bluegrass fest
Give it a chance to taste its best
Cheese adds life to the old recipes. Give american food a new attitude
with cheese
At room plus you can be square or you can just round the corner
At the room plus just round the corner sale
And now that we bought the factory and sell direct we can give you special extra factory savings on all our exciting designs
That have a rounded edge and to make it even better you put only 10 percent down make no payments pay no interest until june
But hurry don't miss the just round the corner sale at room plus just round the corner
Next time your friend insists on driving drunk
Do whatever it takes to stop him
Have you seen my pants
I can't find my pants
Shut up you fool. You're a cat. You don't have any pants. I'm trying to sleep. So keep quiet stupid
I'm naked under this towel
What am I gonna do
You're going to stop this naked foolery and go outside
All right now it's too nice a day to be stupid indoors
Hey, hey lady. Can I borrow those pants?
Why certain?
I'm naked cat
You there running around naked in front of god fearing people aren't you ashamed?
We know how to take care of filthy little beasts like you
Taste the wrath of my home you heathen cat
I
Guess I showed you who wears the pants in this neighborhood. I'm saved
The neighborhood
Oh
Well, what have we here naked, huh? I know what that's like
Bet you'd like a pair of these
Yeah
Oh, no, you don't it's not that easy
Hmm
I know we can make it trade
But but I'm naked. I have nothing to trade
I'll tell you what
I'll give you my bvbs
If you let me
Slug you in the stomach
But I don't want you to slug me in the stomach
It's all right. I'm a professional bully
Well, okay
Now just relax and think of something really pleasant
Because this is really gonna hurt happy happy
Man this stomach pounding stuff is hard work
Can can I have your underwear now? Of course
We bullies always live up to our promises
We have a code
But uh
We can't do it here
We'll have to take a drive in the country. Who's the punk son?
Oh, he's just a stupid cat. I promised my underwear to
Yeah, you promised
That's not the Christmas underwear your mother embroidered is it?
Um, yes, sir
You know son, it'll break your mother's heart if you give them away
You're right dad
You promised you promised
And tell you what you can have my underwear
Yeah, it's june
Gotta change them anyway
Look what I have for you
That's right
for daddy
You promised
All right, you little cry baby cry baby cry baby
There we go
Hmm kind of baggy in the dairy air
Son get some rope tie those up for him
Okay, pop
You're happy
Good now get out beat up dirty and lost in the woods
But I've got my pants right buddy reach for the sky
Don't turn around now hand over your underpants
Bronto move. Come on. Come on
This thing hasn't been milked in two weeks. It could go off at any second
Ah
Say aren't these just Jim dandy warm and snug just like I like them
Hey turn around Nancy
Oh, that's pretty
You've been kind enough to give me your pants. So I'm gonna help you on your way
Oh, you just wait right here
He's such a nice cow
Oh
Relax, son. You'll need it
Problem here
I don't have any pants
Funderation boy. You're as naked as the day you was born
Where's your dog gone?
We don't cotton to you sick nudist types around
Yeah
Maybe you can get away with that from the city but not in this neck of the woods
But I want to wear clothes
Oh
Well, that's different
Why don't you take this and cover yourself?
Oh nice
Not only did I save my reputation, but now I'm a trendsetter
Yeah, I'll see you later
See go
That's what happened Ren
How many times have I told you you're a cat you don't need pants
However, this lovely gown might look nice on you
And here's one for your little friend
Well, I have to admit we do look divine
Let's go down to the mall shop and show off our new outfits. Okay gals
Night has arrived and saturday night belongs to snick
It's telekinetic. It's telepathic. It's television of a new dimension. Whatever this thing is. It's big
It's the tomorrow people the first sci-fi series from the first kids network
And next saturday, it's the start of a totally new adventure the kulex experiment a science project gone bad
A scientist gone mad
And four kids doing everything in their power to stop them the tomorrow people
Teleporting to your tv next saturday at six five central only on nick
The following contains subtitles for our non-funk speaking audience. Yo, what up dog?
I'm gonna drop some knowledge about my boy's toe down and who earl
The game's beat fresh bam all that boy
Yo, peep out my man dj assie flex
And then you go current it's an easy earl checking out the house in the hood
In other words, I highly recommend it
Toe jam and earl panic on funkatron game and sega genesis each sold separately
The miami dolphins are missing their mascot and only one man can track him down
All righty then east ventura pet detective. I don't do humans whether he's under fire
Undercover
Or underwater
It's ventura pet detective
Do not go in there ready pg-13
sneak previews saturday january 29
These tater crisps are munchable mr. Phipps made them crunchable with only half the fattable
We know that you like fattable. They're absolutely
irresistible
Absolutely irresistible
If you can't resist chips wait a you taste mr. Phipps tater crisps with 50% less fat than potato chips
Mr. Phipps tater crisps irresistible and less fattable
I never was wanting for sleeping in
Every morning burt morrow does what he's been doing for years
It makes him feel better. It's not of my nature to sit around on my duff
Eating a chiquita banana every morning also makes him feel better
It's magnesium and valuable potassium help give him what he needs to enjoy the slow-paced life of retiree
Maybe when i'm on dirt i'll take up shuffleboard
Chiquita bananas quite possibly the world's perfect food
We don't need to tell you
I'm just trying to survive till junior high. That's why nickelodeon presents do u g dug
What should I do dug? He's two eyes four limbs and 84 pounds of wishful thinking plagued by grown-ups hounded by homework
A little nervous about girls. He's just a kid trying to make the grade seventh grade. What are you waiting for funny?
Hop to chop chop can dug pull through
How did I ever get into this mess find out on dug one of the nicktoons every weekday at 3 32 30 central on nick
Every day you have to walk the dog
Go to scale
Thank you god there's nickelodeon every day
Bag as soon as hey, they're here this better be good because we can get electrocuted
So who's this mystery guy we can hear and about
Guys my friend sam the guy's a girl
Sam
It's Samantha. My friends call me sam. Yo sam. I'm frank and uh, I think you're the hottest thing around this campfire
Thanks, you can call me Samantha
Ow, oh mercy mercy
The beads got bite
I think you're perfect
Uh for the midnight society
Do you know the rules?
Sure. I tell you guys a story. If you guys like it, I'm in. If not,
I'm on the highway
Let's get going. Okay. Good luck
You're on
I had lots of stories I could have told
But I picked one that kind of fits the setting
There are tons of ancient legends about the woods
Legends of spirits like the manager or the windigo
But whatever happened to these spirits once people showed up to hack down their world
Many moved on
But some say the truly evil ones clung to home
They twisted hearts full of revenge for all who dare disturb their home
Submitted for the approval of the midnight society
I call this story
The tale of watchers boys
It was sarah's first time at camp grindleston
She was a super achiever but every medal a trailmaker could earn
Only problem was sarah was so busy with activities. She didn't have much time for friends
Kelly on the other hand had been to grindleston before and hated it
She had tons of friends at home and really didn't want to be there
Walk much. Sorry. Let me help. Uh, no one touches my stuff
I'm sarah. It's my first time here. I'm thrilled. What tent you in six? How about you?
Six. Yeah
Great. We can be pals. Is she like too perfect or what?
Oh, look. Here's the one she got for jumping out of an airplane and living
Well, here's the one she got for cleaning up all the pollution in the whole world
Here's the one she got for never doing anything wrong ever. Of course everybody gets that one
Hi guys
Mind if I hand out? Does anybody see my trailmaker's vest?
They hate music. That is what you're playing sylvie, isn't it?
Ha ha
This place is pretty cool
Never enter watches woods ever. What's watches woods?
In your news, so I'll tell you
It's a place where people get blipped
Blipped?
Lost vaporized raced
The legend goes way back
Indian tribes colonial soldiers pioneers
All gone never seen again. So where is this place? No one knows
They say it moves like a sharp looking for victims
And once you realize you're inside it's too late
Sounds like a stupid cap story to me
Why is it called watches woods?
The few who escaped came back crazy
Babbling something about
The watcher a demon who guards the woods
And picks out its victims
They blipped in 1919
Tomorrow will be 75 years
to the day
They went for a hike and were never seen again
The only trace the searchers found were their whistles
Care to go for a little hike in watchers woods superstar
It was only a little ride
It's gonna be a long couple weeks
You'll work in teams of two the goals to collect as many specimens as you can for your nature metals and get back before dark
Kelly I want you to take sarah. You know the woods pretty well
Maybe we'll find you watch your woods
And remember no fires. We don't want any accidents. Have fun
So where do we start?
Start by keeping out of my face
What's the manual says to do if you get lost?
No, but all that you do
Three sharp glasses on the whistle. That's the call for help
Gee, thanks. We'll try to remember that
You're gonna smoke?
Yes
The fire warning is up
You were just too perfect, aren't you?
I am not sad
I'm not into this metal stuff
Let's just chill and sneak back to camp, okay?
No, I like it. That's why I'm here
Yeah
I'm here because my parents want me out of the house for two weeks
I'll make you a deal
I know these woods
I'll show you a pheasant nest if we can cut out early and go swimming
A pheasant's nest? Really?
Deal
Okay, mother nature. Let's roll
That's a tight squeeze. Give me your pack
Do you think there's still nesting?
Gosh, I don't know. Go look
There's somebody smart. You're pretty dim. Adios
Nesting there
Kelly? Oh, man
I believe this
Can't be lost. No way
This is not happening
If the cream's on my side of you, Oreo, you're gonna marry
Emily Fletcher
If it's on my side, you're gonna marry
Laura Fisher
Twist
Twist it again. That was practice
Oreo unlock the magic
There's big news in biscuits presenting grand's biscuits
Our biggest lightest biscuits ever made with real buttermilk for a delicious home style taste
Nothing's as loving like my grand's biscuits. What's my salad? Great. Here try some bakers
Much better. Can I use your credit card?
Cholesterol-free bakers makes every bite better
From touchstone pitchers. She's just met the boy of her dreams
The only problem is she's with her father. What are you wearing? My bathing suit
Your thing? So she's going to tell a little lie. I told him you were my lover. Are you out of your mind?
Now the only way she can get out of this mess when I start lying. I can't stop
Is to drag her dad into it. I told him you were dying
My father the hero rated PG starts friday february fourth
Introducing new popcorn shrimp
But long john silvers
A little now that's a nice change new popcorn shrimp and long john silvers
Is all the world last long so pop in soon
Our the sneaking begins again with are you afraid of the dark
It took us 75 years, but finally we've got to
We've waited. Oh, how we've waited. Are we sure it's her? I'm not so sure. I'm not her
Who's her?
Now do you tell us we put our whistles
Or do we work on our archery?
What whistles? I guess we should. Can't we play with her a bit first? No
Ready
Aim
Bullseye
Now
What about our whistles?
You're the missing trail makers
But you've been gone since 1919. See our memories coming back
Why did you steal our whistles? I did it. I don't even know you you tricked us
You left us here to die worse
You left us for the watch
He said it hold our souls till we found our whistles. He knew we'd never find them
So it's eternity for us in his woods and it's all your fault
But now we've got you soon. You'll be old and dead as we are most family
I know where your whistles are if you let me go. I'll go get them
If we let you go
Would you come back?
Yes, I guess I swear
Oh, dearie
We don't believe you
What scares you most?
What?
Because I know how you like to play
Some rodents
I don't think she likes rodents
Or we'll give her a chance to make friends. Careful now
Aim didn't have to be rats
Sarah, Sarah get me out of here
I'm sorry I made fun of you. I'm sorry I got you lost
Quiet
The ghosts Sarah. I think I stole their whistles. I wouldn't do that. No, you did it to me. I'm sorry
This is watchers woods. It's real. We're never gonna get out
Because we are
But you just
You divide this
Well, well another visitor. What are we going to do with this one?
Why not work on our survival medal and hunt her for food?
Wait, I can help you
How?
I can get your whistles. I know where they are. Are you certain?
Yes, I can run back and get them
You keep your slimy little friend and if you're not backed by sunup she'll be food for the mice and the newts
Oh man, Sarah, are you sure?
You got a better idea if you're going go
The bucket
North star north star
So that way
Who are you?
You fascinate me, Sarah. And the soul which is yours. Join me
Back off
Flame cannot harm me
Maybe not you but I could torture precious woods like dry kindling
Now let me pass
I don't believe you. Try me. Back yet
So shall we start on our cooking medals or on our pet keeping medals?
Why not cook half a fair?
Teach the other half to do tricks
Has to be sharp to be painless
Sarah, got her
To me
We need to break the spell lot two
But I had them just a minute ago. What a nasty thing to do to us. You didn't use your head, but we will
Wait, just let me look for them
Such a mess
No, I found it. It's over here. In your words. She lies
Really?
On my signal
You okay?
Yeah
Think so
Could it be?
What are those?
It's a trail sign. It means I've gone home
You came back
Yeah
You saved my neck
Come on. Let's go home
The end
So
What'd you guys think?
I don't know how to tell you this
That that's okay. That's okay. I understand. Thanks for the shot
What I mean is
It's going to be real hard calling somebody that looks like you
Sam
Welcome to the night society
I couldn't believe it started when I was about 22 23